(Yuya)
Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
If I can't defeat Z‐ARC,
then it's hopeless.
(Declan)
You're wrong.
We wouldn't all
be here fighting
if we didn't know
we can stop Z‐ARC.
To stop Z‐ARC
you have to
free Yuya first!
Yes, that's precisely
what I plan to do.
You said that Yuya Sakaki
inspired you
when he discovered
Pendulum Summoning,
but you are so wrong!
For your information,
it was I
who gave birth
to Pendulum Summoning!
That can't... be true!
I finish you off
once and for all!
Declan, no!
(Tate)
It's Riley!
I'm not Riley.
It's me... Ray!
No!
(Riley/Ray)
Yuya, set yourself free!
You heard the lady!
(Yuya's voice)
That's right!
It's my... turn!
I activate Smile Universe!
Now's your chance, Riley!
I destroy
both of your monsters,
and you take 600 points
of damage for each one!
You win... for now...
But I'll return!
I'm going to seal Z‐ARC
away for good!
(Z‐ARC roaring)
Aah!
Huh? What happened?
Anyone?!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Oh, no!
Unh! Ahh!
Mom, why'd you let me
sleep in?
Relax, Yuya, it's Sunday.
Huh?!
You don't have school today,
so you have nothing
to be late for.
(chomping)
I got duel practice,
and if I miss it,
Principal Boyle
will have a cow!
Well, that's
certainly no excuse
for you to eat
like a cow, mister!
(meow)
Bye, Mom, gotta roll!
Made it!
With time to spare!
(Skip)
Wrong!
Hey, what was that for?
You're late, hotshot!
By three‐hundredths
of a second!
Aww c'mon, you were just
slow on the stopwatch!
(Allie)
‐ No excuses, Yuya!
Maybe if you had set
your alarm clock,
you wouldn't have
gotten clocked!
Anyway, where did you
get that?
Huh, the fan?
Oh, I don't know I just
found it lying around
the gym this morning.
Hmm, weird thing is,
I don't remember buying it.
Hmm?
Fabulat!
Huh?
Zose boots are so boss!
(chuckles)
You like 'em?
Mmm, I vant
a pair!
You buy them
in town?
Nuh‐uh, these Roller Boots
were a gift.
From who?
Wha?
From, uh... I forget.
Sounds like you're suffering
from a case of amnesia.
Shpooky!
(Skip)
Enough squawkin'
and more duelin'!
C'mon, chop chop!
Let's go!
Now hit the gym, stat!
Time to get down and duelly!
(kids)
Sir, yessir!
Hmm.
Allrighty then!
Principal Boyle wants me
to take on
all three of you at once!
Well I say the more,
the merrier!
I'm always up
for a challenge!
(Skip)
That's the spirit!
It's that kind of
can‐do attitude
that made your dear old dad
the number one dueltainer ever!
I wanna see every student
at the You Show Duel School
follow in his footsteps!
Keep it up and soon
you'll be globe‐hoppin'
on the pro dueling circuit
just like him!
Duelists, get set!
I'm activating...
the field spell Plain Plain!
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality Combat
system energized.
Generating Action Field.
Our disks are all ready!
Und our nerves
are steady...
'Cause once
the fun starts...
We'll all be duelin
with our hearts! Ha ha ha!
It's showtime!
(all)
Let's duel!
I'll start off by using
Scale 1 Stargazer Magician
and Scale 8
Timegazer Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control
of this starting now!
(beeping)
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Slice and dice,
Performapal Sword Fish!
Snap to it,
Performapal Whip Snake!
And last
but certainly not least,
turn up the heat
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Take it away, Tate!
You betcha!
I draw!
I'll also set
the Pendulum Scale
using Scale 1 Deskbot 008
and Scale 10 Deskbot 007.
That will let me
summon monsters
from Level 2 through 9
all at the same time!
I Pendulum Summon!
Deskbot 005!
And Deskbot 006!
(Declan)
The world... has changed.
The Standard Dimension
no longer exists.
With Z‐ARC's defeat,
the world has been reborn
as the Pendulum Dimension,
and as a result,
all of the duelists here
have developed
the ability
to Pendulum Summon.
That day...
transformed everything.
Ohh!
Including a child.
‐ Don't worry, Mother.
My staff is a better
babysitter than a bodyguard.
Here comes some razzle!
And now hit 'em
with some dazzle!
(beeping)
What this?
No way!
Now... Odd‐Eyes, drop
their life points to zero!
Huh?!
Whoa!
Unh!
I said drop their
life points, not me!
Hey, Yuya!
You're not gonna believe it!
Look for yourself,
but try not to faint!
Wha‐‐ It's from
the Leo Institute?
They invited you
to the Junior ARC
League Championship!
Win this and you'll move up
to the Senior division.
And then you'll be
one step closer
to becoming a pro
like your old man.
Just like you
always dreamed!
Zat's uber
fantastiche!
Well, what're you
waiting for?
Get over there before
they change their minds!
Right! On my way!
(receptionist)
Sakaki... Sakaki...
Ah, here you are!
Yuya Sakaki.
Good luck
in the tournament!
You, too!
I mean, thank you!
(Gong)
Yuya!
Huh?
Gong had a hunch Gong
would be seein' you here.
It wouldn't be
much of a championship
without you in it.
You got that right, Gong!
(Sylvio)
But neither of you will win
as long as I'm dueling!
Sylvio?!
Of all the people,
they invited you?
Well they certainly
couldn't have left me out!
Ha! I mean after all,
it's my talents
that put the Leo Institute
on the map!
Everyone knows
one duelist reigns supreme
in the hearts and minds
of fans!
And the name of that super
duelist happens to be‐‐
(Yuya and Gong)
Declan Akaba!
Right! Declan Akaba!
Say what?!
(Declan) I'm glad
you all made it,
because I've changed
the format
of this year's
championship,
and it will involve
all three of you.
(all)
Huh?
You'll be part
of a four‐way duel.
A battle royal.
(Sylvio and Gong gasp)
We're all dueling at once?
Okay, dueling fanatics,
the wait is over!
It's finally time
to kick off
the Junior Arc League
Championship!
(all cheering)
Give it up for...
our four competitors,
the most amazing duelists...
Huh?
There's only four?
Huh. Looks legit.
Once more, give our duelists
a warm welcome!
Our first contender takes
after his dear old dad,
the You Show Duel School's
own Yuya Sakaki!
And next,
he's strong like oak
and flexible like oak,
it's Gong Strong!
They're joined by your most
favorite duelist,
or so he claims,
Sylvio Sawatari!
So... who's
the fourth duelist?
And last but not least,
we have...
a mystery duelist?
(nervous chuckle)
Must be the shy type!
Hey, where'd
Principal Boyle run off to?
Hopefully not the bathroom,
'cause those lines were long!
(Yoko)
You can't be serious!
What could be
more important
than Yuya's big duel?
Unreal.
What could that
sweat suit be thinking?
I don't know,
I'm just a kid!
Ahh! Looks like ze duelfest
is about to start!
Folks, our challengers
are ready.
All we need to do now
is to pick out...
a field spell!
I activate
Quartet of Quandry!
Now, fire up the city's
ARC system!
Ohh...
Why do I feel...
like I've been here before?
Guys!
Huh?
Moustache said there were
four of us competing, right?
Yeah.
It doesn't take a math major
to see someone's missing.
Gong don't like folks
who show up late.
(Moon Shadow)
Good thing I'm already here.
(all gasp)
I am Moon Shadow.
Prepare to duel!
Moon Shadow?
(Sylvio)
Good, now we can
get started.
I have a date
with the first place trophy
and I don't wanna miss it!
Ugh.
Listen, Yuya...
We may be friends,
but don't you cut
Gong no slack,
'cause Gong's goin'
full Gong on ya!
Right!
Let's set a record
for the most awesomest duel
the city's ever seen!
Folks, the moment
has arrived
for this fierce and fiery
foursome to finally face‐off!
They're bursting to battle
as we kick off this championship
in a dizzying display
of monster madness
and attacks galore!
Who will rise to be
king of the mountain?
We're about to find out!
(all)
Let's do this!
Here goes!
I'm charging right in!
And charging right alongside me
will be Performpal Hip Hippo!
Ahh!
Then I'll place
these two cards facedown.
And that's that!
Let's ride, Hip Hippo!
Hyah!
‐ Wow! I never
would've guessed
a hippo could be
that helpful!
Yuya and his pink pal
are already on the prowl
for some Action cards!
The other duelists are
gonna have their hands full
if they wanna keep up.
Sylvio Sawatari is up next!
So strange.
Why do I have this fan
and why do I care so much?
It's just a fan... right?
‐ It's my turn!
So get your cameras ready!
I draw!
And I'll start by summoning
one of my faves,
Abyss Actor, Curtain Raiser!
(laughing)
Let's do this!
Curtain Raiser, bring down
the curtain on Yuya's Hippo!
There's more!
Curtain Raiser, activate
your special ability!
Since Curtain Raiser's
the only monster on my field,
its attack points double!
Faster!
Do y' smell somethin', pal?
Unh! I activate
the Action Spell Evasion!
Ha ha, yeah!
Lucky punk.
But you won't be
so lucky next time.
Who's up next?
That would be Gong!
Mrah!
And Gong's
starting by summoning
Superheavy Samurai Flutist!
(Flutist intoning)
But Gong's Flutist
won't be sticking
around for long!
Because by tributin' it,
Gong can summon
Superheavy Samurai
Big Benkei in defense mode!
(grunts)
(grunting)
Big Benkei can attack even
when it's in defense mode,
so now it's gonna
plaster your pachyderm!
(roaring)
That's what you think!
I activate the spell
Hippo Carnival
to bring out a herd of hippos
with some pep in their step!
(Hippos cheering)
Your monster has to
redirect its attack
to my dancing damsels.
Heh!
Not too shabby, Yuya!
Gong'll end Gong's turn!
Wow!
What an escape artiste!
(Moon Shadow)
Enough of this!
Oh!
This is no time
for fun and games.
The fate of the world
is at stake.
(Moon Shadow)
This is not the first time
you have dueled
each other like this.
It was, in fact, during
the ARC League Championship!
You must remember
or all will be lost.
Oh!
The Arc League?
Championship?
Oh, yeah.
Hey. that does ring
a bell, doesn't it?
Yeah, I remember
something like that.
There was a tournament
now that I think of it.
Jah! It's all schtarting to
flow back to my noggin.
(Yoko)
How could I ever forget?
My little hot sauce,
Reed Pepper, dueled up
a feast for the ages!
And, Yuya, like,
beat him.
Ah, yes!
How could I ever forget
such incredible duels!
And such exquisite play‐by‐play
commentary by moi!
I recall...
I dueled Yuya.
And what a duel it was!
The crowd was on the edge
of their seats!
A rip‐roaring climax
where... I lost!
Now I know why
I forgot about it.
That's why
this place looks familiar.
I've been here before!
It's all starting to
come back to me now...
There was a duel going on...
Some kid named... Sora!
Yes, Sora.
He defeated Sun Shadow,
my brother.
Yeah, yeah,
enough about you.
Let's get back to me.
I remember dueling
some freaky freaks
around here myself.
(Gong)
Same here.
You and Gong and you dueled
against Obelisk Force.
That's right!
Some rough and tumbles
from the Fusion Dimension.
They were sent
by Declan's dad,
the Professor,
to conquer
our dimension!
Yup! They sure did
a number on us.
But you and Gong certainly
didn't back down.
No way, no how!
Wasn't there someone else
dueling with us too?
Shay!
Oh, yeah!
Declan selfishly was using
the championship
to put together his own
fighting force...
The Lancers!
But there's gotta be more
to this story.
I just can't remember!
(Moon Shadow)
But you must, Yuya.
For all our sakes.
(Declan)
Listen up, Moon Shadow.
Continue the battle.
It may jog
more of their memories.
Now duel.
Understood.
My turn!
I draw!
It's hopeless.
Even if this duel
helps them
remember everything,
what difference
will it make?
How can they save
my dear, precious Riley?
Trust me.
Yuya can.
(Yusho)
Let's hope so.
I now use... Scale 1
Twilight Ninja Jogen
and my Scale 10
Twilight Ninja Kagen
to set the Pendulum Scale.
Now I can summon Monsters
between Levels 2 and 9
all at the same time.
I Pendulum Summon!
Appear!
Twilight Ninja Shingetsu!
And Twilight Ninja
Getsuga, The Shogun!
Then I shall activate
the spell card
Illusion Ninjitsu
Art Of Hazy Shuriken!
Shingetsu,
attack Yuya's Hippo‐‐ Go!
Hey, Hip Hippo!
You smell another Action Card?
Nice! It's all mine!
Huh?!
Wrong, it is mine!
You cannot outspeed
a ninja, my friend.
By sending this Action Card
to my graveyard,
Illusion Ninjitsu
Art Of Hazy Shuriken
throws 300 points
of damage at you.
Unh!
(ninja yells, hippo coos)
And I will use
Jogen's Pendulum ability
to weaken you even more!
When my Ninja
destroys your monster,
you still take damage
even if your monster
is in defense mode!
Yuya's Hippo has
no defense points.
And Shingetsu has
1,500 attack points!
Bad news, 'cause
this one's gonna sting.
(Yuya telling)
Ouchie!
Poor Yuya!
Keep fighting,
Moon Shadow!
Do not show Yuya
any mercy.
(Henrietta)
Declan!
I thought you were
only trying to
make him remember.
(Yusho)
On the contrary.
If Yuya can't
win this duel,
then he will not
be able to save Riley.
And not just
Riley, Mother.
The entire world
will fall.
Ohh!
I am not
finished yet Yuya.
I activate...
Kagen's Pendulum ability.
It gains Jogen's
Pendulum ability.
Aww, no, not again!
Why don't you pick on
the others, huh?
Getsuga, take out Yuya's....
remaining Hippo Token!
(roaring)
It's like I stole
his lunch money
or something!
Oh no, Yuya's gonna take
2,000 points of damage!
But he'll still have
200 life points
left when it's over.
Isn't that peachy?
I activate Kagen's
other special ability!
It raises Getsuga's attack
points by 500!
No way!
Folks, if this attack hits,
Yuya will be one and done!
And will be kissing his hopes
for a pro dueling career
goodbye!